clarifications around github status updates and github checks (#4919)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/enable-checks.md

- Cloud
---

This document describes how to enable the GitHub Checks feature and authorize CircleCI to report workflow status to the GitHub app. **The GitHub checks integration feature is not currently available on CircleCI Server**.

## GitHub Check and GitHub status updates

GitHub Checks should not be confused with GitHub status updates:

* GitHub Checks are administered from the GitHub UI, and are reported in the GitHub UI per _workflow_.
* GitHub status updates are the default way status updates from your builds are reported in the GitHub UI, and they are reported per _job_. 

> If both these features are enabled, the Checks tab in your GitHub PRs will show both job and workflow statuses.

Author: ```suggestion
If both these features are enabled, in a GitHub PR view the Checks tab will show workflow status and the Checks section in the PR conversation view will show job status.
```

Author: just a little further clarification - it's tricky because there are effectively two github "things" called Checks...
